For PC, put all these files unzipped in a folder, open index.html in your browser of choice and then click the arrows or the numbers on the site to change what the values are
For Mobile, put all these files in a folder that you know where it is, preferably on local storage, then in your browser of choice, type 
file:///storage/emulated/0/DestinationFolder/index.html  if you put it in local storage,
otherwise locate where it is, if the folder name has spaces use %20, (example: Destination%20Folder) or remove the space from the folder name.  (I don't know specifics for certain devices, only for my android)
You can contact me at cuddlez484@gmail.com for suggestions or issues, just keep in mind I may not want to or have time to address it.  

Mobilized means how many brigades you can mobilize from your poor population, in the orange box is how many needed for a 4,1,5 full-time army, in the blue box is how many needed for a 0,1,5 army for meeting up with mobilized infantry.  The red box is the total amount to remove or train for mobilized and professional armies.  The total brigades section to the left is how many brigades you will have total when you combine the already existing troops and the troops you train/remove.  There's a 60k checkmark to change from 4,1,5 to 8,2,10.  The force limit is also used to type how many brigades you plan on training, for example you can only insert the number of brigades you have available to train in the British Isles rather than the whole empire.  Finally, the input box to the right is just how many brigades you would like to allocate to temporary mobilized brigades versus permanent armies.  
